# Galton-Desk-Simulation-
In repository I will focus on the Galton Desk. I want to investigate how close to the binomial distribution it is, how it changes, if we manipulate the number of balls, or the number of levels in the Galton "Pyramid". What if we shift or overturn the desk? 
The first function is the "galton" faunction. This function is dedicated to track each of the balls. We can give the number of balls, and the number of levels. What we get as an output is a list of lists. Every sinlge inner list contains two more lists. One of this is the decisions_lists. This one tracks each of the balls "decisions" by chosing a number between it's last choice and the last choice plus 1. When ball reaches the bottom level the last number in the decision list tells us in which box the ball is. The bull_list tracks each balls decision chains every balls decision chain is one of the bull_lists. The deciosions lists became emtpy in every single for cycle, in the inner cycle which is depends on the number of levels we have. Finally we combine all of the bull_list into the so called l list, which is the output.
What is the most important informations about the balls wether in which box they are. This is why I created the "galton_last_digit". Then the galton_wheights measures how many times each of the boxes represeting in the "galton_last_digit". 
The "binom()" function is the function to determine the theoretical output by the given datas. It measures what is the probability that we meet with a ball on each nails in every level. 
Finally comes the output. What I experienced is that the more balls I have the closer I get to the teorethical binomial distribution (by red). It doesn't matter how many levels are I can have just a few levels and the chart is more punctual than I expectesd. But If I have relatively lot's of levesl, but less balls, the chart is more indefinite. 
I also made some investigation how the output changes if we overturn the Galton Desk. In the model I neglected the physical effects, such as air resistance, accelaration, etc. By the shift parameter we can give how steep the desk should be. If we give a number between 0, 0.5 we shift it to the right, if we give a number between 0.5 and 1 we can shift to the left side.     
